hey people john here from fast films and
today we're going through a 2007 horror
movie called hatchet 4 victor crowley
the movie starts with a couple sitting
in a fishing boat in the swamp at night
sue leans against dell as the radio
plays in the background dell reminds sue
of the song fell to pieces and tells her
how the singer died in a plane crash
last month
implying that the singer fell to pieces
sue calls him a germ for bringing that
up randomly and says that he is her germ
dell starts acting nervous and sue
realizes that he is proposing to her
she starts crying and tells him to go on
dell gives her a napkin and she ends up
making a mess of mucus and lipstick on
her face
she accepts his proposal after putting
the ring on she kisses him with her
slimy face and sits back down to look at
her ring
meanwhile dell hears a noise in the
distance he tells her to be quiet so can
hear it both of them hear a moan dell
thinks someone is hurt and needs their
help they get off the boat onshore and
head out to help sue asks dell if this
is the place where a kid called victor
crowley died he tells her not to worry
since he is dead anyway she begs him to
leave but he is insistent on looking for
the injured man
they hear something behind a bush dell
looks behind it to find a man pointing a
gun at them he lowers it when he sees
the couple and asks them what they are
doing there
he is about to tell them something when
victor shows up behind him and beheads
him with a hatchet the couple screams
and tries to run dell tells sue to get
to the boat as soon as possible but
victor catches up to him and hits him in
the face with his hatchet causing his
eye to pop out
sue tries to escape but is no match for
victor he pushes her from the back
causing her to fall on her stomach
then he proceeds to chop all her limbs
off and eventually her head he picks up
the head and howls the next scene is an
opening to a talk show called the
sabrina show
the host sabrina introduces andrew young
who is the sole survivor of the bayou
massacre she introduces his book that
releases that day called i survivor
after the introduction she welcomes him
to the show she asks him questions about
the incident she inquiries why his dna
was found on two of the murder victims
he doesn't have a clear answer to her
question she then proceeds to ask
multiple questions including murder
allegations against him in his court
trial he tells everyone that he was
relieved of all charges she then
proceeds to ask about his book andrew
explains to everyone that it was the
hardest thing he ever did
sabrina uses a sarcastic tone with him
implying that she doesn't believe his
story she refuses to believe in victor
crowley andrew tries to explain but she
takes a commercial break at a hotel
chloe and alex are watching the show
chloe tells alex that she finds andrew
very attractive alex feels offended and
jealous because he has her boyfriend he
makes fun of andrew chloe says that
andrew is her free pass and now that she
is making a movie she might meet him
while they are arguing rose walks out of
the bathroom in a towel
she complains about the water being cold
she asks why she can't get a separate
room and complains about hearing them
make love at night she takes her towel
off chloe looks away and tells her that
they don't have the budget for it she
complains about rose being naked all the
time as she gets dressed rose says that
she has to stop by somewhere to get more
supplies
chloe complains that they need to hurry
so she won't miss andrew's book signing
as they are about to head out chloe
notices alex's shirt it is inspired by
ben one of the first victims of victor
crowley
she tells alex in frustration that he
messed up the design back outside the tv
station andrew is annoyed with his
manager kathleen for getting him an
interview with his ex-wife
she replies that her network was paying
the most she reassures him that he did
great but he knows he didn't she tells
him not to care about what anyone thinks
saying the book doesn't need to be good
which offends andrew he asks her if she
read it she says it's on her reading
list as a man walks past him calling him
a murderer andrew shouts back at him
that he was exonerated kathleen tells
him that people believe the obvious and
he seems guilty she tells him to think
about the money they can make off of
this on the incident's 10th anniversary
and mistakes him for being japanese as
they get in a car
chloe rose and wait in line for the book
signing at the bookstore chloe is
nervous and asks if jeans make her look
unprofessional the other two tell her
that she looks fine after a couple of
minutes andrew shows up with his manager
they walk up to the desk where they find
the poster and desk vandalized kathleen
covers it up with sticky notes as he
proceeds to sign books
after a few people a girl named
christina approaches andrew and lifts
her shirt up she asks him to sign her
breasts for her and her dad chloe plans
to cast andrew in her film but fears
that a lot of people have already asked
him
she tells her friends that getting the
real andrew young to be in their movie
would look promising to the investors
she asks rose for her folder but finds
it in her own hands
at the desk andrew is being harassed by
the victim's brother
his wife takes him away as she threatens
andrew another man shows up he unzips
his pants and asks andrew to sign his
penis but he refuses
he calls him a homophobe as kathleen
gets rid of him when it's chloe's turn
she starts to tell him about her movie
in the mock trailer she is about to ask
andrew to be in it at that moment
kathleen ends the book signing saying
that it is an emergency she takes him
outside as he apologizes to chloe
kathleen tells andrew about a great
network tv opportunity he has to go to
the murder site for an interview andrew
refuses without hesitation but agrees
when she tells him that the network will
pay a million dollars
in the next scene they are sitting in a
private jet with four other people
andrew feels sick kathleen asks if he
needs any medication he refuses the
pilots tell them they'll be landing a
couple of miles away from the site
back in his seat andrew asks who's
interviewing him kathleen says she
doesn't know but sabrina walks into the
plane and he realizes she'll be doing
the interview
casey austin jay and jack are sitting in
the front
casey and austin act flirty as jay
points out that it's obvious both of
them are together the pilot announces
over the intercom that they are ready
for the flight
in the next scene chloe offers a tour
guide called dillion a role in her movie
in exchange for a free swamp tour
meanwhile alex cringes at the victor
crowley souvenir stands and roe shows
him the doll she got dillian agrees to
take the three of them to the swamp back
in the jet the group experiences
turbulence andrew asks kathleen why they
need to fly to the swamp if they'll have
to take a boat anyway he turns around to
find her sound asleep sabrina and andrew
get in a coral and she asks austin to
mike andrew up sabrina asks casey about
filming stuff as casey complains under
her breath
jay and casey joke around with jake back
on the ground the tour guide prepares
for the tour he tells chloe that they
haven't been doing a lot of tours lately
alex tells chloe that victor isn't
relevant anymore but dillian tells them
that a lot of movies are being made on
victor crowley assuring chloe that hers
will be the best one
on the plane austin makes small talk
with andrew while setting up his mic and
asks if he saw victor crowley for real
he does a voice check and asks jay to go
to andrew back outside the swamp rose
asks chloe how to pronounce the curse on
victor crowley dillian suggests they
look it up on youtube rose finds a video
for it alex asks if it's important and
chloe gets angry at him for not
understanding the importance of the
spell
dillian asks alex to just go with it in
the aircraft jay does andrew's makeup as
he asks him about the massacre they
experience turbulence again as jay tells
him not to worry a part of the plane
breaks off and sends him flying to the
back
the plane starts to break and jake flies
out the window the other group is
standing outside the swamp when jake's
dead body falls out of the sky
it's completely burnt chloe can't
believe what happened while they are
freaking out they hear the plane crash
dillian and rose rush to help any
survivors while alex stays back to help
chloe the plane crashes into the swamp
and everyone is injured andrew wakes
kathleen up who is still asleep due to
the medication
rose appears in the window which freaks
them out rose and dillian arrive on the
scene to help dillian makes everyone
leave the plane andrew tries to get jay
but he is dead dillian moves andrew away
and tries to help casey who is stuck
under a seat he heads off to get his
tools but the water is getting higher
austin tells her she'll be fine as she
breaks the news that she is pregnant
outside the swamp chloe is freaking out
and andrew decides they should go after
them as the phone keeps playing the
curse on the ground
the plane survivors get out they hear a
sound and andrew makes them go back
inside dillian starts yelling for help
but andrew shuts him up with his knife
and takes him inside as well
on the other side chole and alex are
still looking for them
they stumble across victor crowley's
house chole tells him it's a tourist
attraction as she turns on the motion
sensor light outside the barn
they hear a cry from a distance and run
inside the group in the plane hears it
too and freaks out andrew tells them
victor is dangerous as they try to make
sense of their situation
meanwhile in the barn chloe is terrified
as alex tries to calm her down
alex tells her that the lights are on a
timer as victor rushes inside he jumps
on alex and hits him in the face with
his hatchet and beheads him
chloe screams and runs away as he picks
up an axe to go after her
inside the plane casey freaks out and
wants to leave but andrew stops them
even though they treat him like a crazy
person he asks if anyone has a cell
phone while dillian tries to break a
window to get reception
kathleen has a panic attack and looks
for her medication suddenly chloe shows
up at the back window crying for help
rose points her to the door she walks
towards it while everyone sees victor
following her she suddenly disappears
and andrew asks where she went they
start staring out the window victor
smashes chloe against it and drags her a
bit further to drop her as the water
level keeps rising
andrew yells that he told them all about
victor casey freaks out since she is
still stuck she tells everyone she is
pregnant all of them ask andrew to help
them since he defeated victor in his
book but he tells them a ghostwriter
wrote it and he barely escaped victor in
his first encounter andrew and sabrina
get in a fight she takes her wig off in
frustration andrew decides that any two
of them need to run to the boat to get
the tools to save casey austin says he
wants to go but they stop him meanwhile
rose realizes that chloe is still alive
out there rose goes to open the door but
andrew stops her dillian says he'll go
instead he asks rose for a kiss in
return and she does it immediately
asking him to save her friend rose feels
something under her foot and finds a
water snake everyone starts freaking out
and kathleen runs out victor is standing
on the plane on top of the door
when austin peeks out victor slices the
back of his head off it flies into
andrew's hand and he throws it away
outside victor gets a hold of kathleen
and everyone watches as he pulls her arm
out and kills her
inside dillian takes the sliced skull
off casey's face rose peeks outside from
the window to see victor smash chloe's
face with his foot
he charges at the plane and jumps on it
causing the water level to rise inside
drowning casey
everyone sits back in horror as andrew
regrets coming there for a million
dollars sabrina tells him that he was
never getting a million dollars in the
first place and continues to insult him
rose tells her that she is a pretentious
failure and that her only achievement is
being born pretty
this shuts sabrina up as andrew agrees
and thanks her she tells him to shut up
as well she says he is a bad person too
she announces that everyone there is a
bad person all of them notice that it's
been so quiet they wonder why victor
came back after so many years rose
realizes that she and her friends
brought him back by playing the curse on
youtube in the swamp sabrina calls it
ridiculous rose asks if they have a
better idea sabrina suggests they wait
the night out inside the plane and walk
out in the morning
as they are discussing their plans
victor throws kathleen's body against a
broken window
rose goes over to her to find her phone
kathleen's phone rings in her hand but
no one can reach it
rose tries and sabrina is disgusted at
the site sabrina tells dillian to dig
hers out from under her seat as victor
smashes a window with his head andrew
tells them to get out of the plane and
run victor starts cutting into the plane
with a chainsaw he tries to cut the
wires which turn the lights back on
dillian suggests they turn on the engine
to have something to fight back with
he walks to the cockpit and tries to
turn it on as andrew shouts that the
water is rushing in and time is running
out everyone leaves the plane as victor
heads inside rose feels bad for leaving
dillian behind andrew calls out to
victor to save andrew victor leaves the
plane and is now after them dillian
turns the engine on and comes out of the
cockpit to find the plane empty
outside rose and sabrina are arguing
about the phone when they hear victor
slashing a tree in anger sabrina runs as
rose hides on a tree and tries to be
quiet
victor is standing right below her
dillian tries to get help from the
airplane cockpit as sabrina is running
away in the swamp dillian reaches a
channel but they cut him off andrew
shows up in the cockpit and they head
out with a gun
in the woods sabrina is hiding behind
something and victor is right at her
heels
her phone starts to ring and he finds
her he grabs her head and twists it he
throws her down and hits her in the face
with a hatchet rose comes to warn
dillian and andrew who is standing next
to the plane wreckage victor shows up
behind her he tries to get her but
andrew throws a hatchet at him
this buys her time to run victor tries
to get her but she punches him in the
face and runs to the guys
she assures them that she knows what to
do she starts chanting the curse and
andrew joins her but nothing happens
andrew runs to victor and pushes him
into the plane engine but he gets a grip
on the edge and manages to not get
sucked in
dillian tells rose he would have loved
to have babies with her he kisses her
and leaps at victor both of them get
sucked into and out of the engine and
are now turned to mush
rose screams and andrew stares at the
engine and the movie ends
thanks for watching guys